#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Olivia Hye - Egoist (Feat. JinSoul)"
(The photoshoot of Olivia Hye is finished!)
Olivia Hye: You know, I became a twelfth member of LOOΠΔ!
Olivia Hye: I'm filming myself in self-mode
Olivia Hye: after my first photo shooting was over.
Olivia Hye: HaSeul gave me some advices
Olivia Hye: And other members kept giving me advices
Olivia Hye: and made me laugh throughout the photo shooting!
Olivia Hye: So I'm sure that the photo's will come out well, thanks to them.
Olivia Hye: And I have another reason why I think like this.
Olivia Hye: Because the photographer took picutes of me so passionately!
Olivia Hye: I'm going to work hard on recording and practicing the rest of my single and dance performance.
Olivia Hye: Please love and support me a lot!
Olivia Hye: See you!